# APCSAFinalProject : caveDEAD

This is a repository for our AP Computer Science A final project named

## caveDEAD

In this game you will use the WASD keys to move your character forward, backwards, left, and right. Using these movements you will try to navigate yourself through a maze in first person. You are losing health the longer you take to complete the maze so time is very important. You can also press the shift button then WASD to sprint. The sprint feature has a cooldown that can be seen in the HUD. When your sprint gauge/percent hits 0 you will have to let go of the sprint key to regenerate your sprint. At the start we encountered a lot of issues with github and creating proper repositories that we could work on, and on how to import the libraries properly. Other issues that we faced was implementing the maze generator and collision detection. We tried to add someone that chases the character through the maze and pickable items such as torches and medkits but unfortunately we could not implement them. We both learnt a lot about javafx, importing refrenced libraries, fxmls, xml, 3D collision detection and other elements in general. Throughout the project the issues that we face with the libraries helped us understand them better and how to fix those issues more efficently next time, learning about the api and what javafx can do also broadened our knowledge about it, and finally implementing 3D colision detection helped us learn more about the 3D elements in code and how to better solve those issues. 
